Add information about sharedKey auth (#48)
studo-app/campus-qr: README.md

* **External identity management**: SSO, LDAP (using JNDI) and OAuth2 are supported by Ktor authentication packages. 
* **Logging**: Optional User-Agent and IP address logging for auditing. (Disabled by default - privacy by default)

> * **API Access**: A *shared key* can be optionally defined to grant admin access to external services.
>   * You need to pass an additional header with your request: `X-Authorization: [sharedKey]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **API Access**: A *shared key* can be optionally defined to grant admin access to external services: Add the `X-Authorization: [authSharedSecret]` header to the request to authenticate as administrator (sharedSecretUser).
```
